Hindsight
=========

This is a part of what I submitted as a final-year project, for my degree in Multimedia Technology & Design at the University of Kent, Canterbury.

The degree was a mix of design, filmmaking, coding, photo editing, video editing, 3d modelling, and animation. All good stuff, I think I submitted good work for all modules, but coding-based ones I focused on.

Presented as-is.
================

This project was written in 2009-10, in two ten-day long "sprints", so realistically it's about a month of full time work. It's not likely to run on anything other than the laptop I wrote it on, which has since been disassembled and sold.

It has no build process and no tests. That sort of thing was not even on my radar at the time. (Now, it should be essential)

For the record, here is the full source and more.

The Configurator
================

I'm not sure I can really explain this. But here goes anyway.

Retrospective
=============

I think I wanted the fastest possible way to get a GUI config tool, and writing a WinForms app in C#, that could generate some python code for the other codebase to read, seemed like the best option.

scanConfig has a very early return, rejecting the config file if it didn't have a comment suggesting it was generated by this app. Maybe for the best as the code here does a lot of line-by-line reading, assuming every line will arrive in a certain order.

I have no excuse for making the return type a string, and returning "ok" or "no", (no code paths return "file not found").

This ends up being responsible for "scanning" a media library - though indirectly. Scanning the library and serving up pages were separate processes, that could not run at the same time. I'll try to put more detail on that on the other repo with all the python code.

Sidenote
========

function Do I like the C# brace style?
{
  no
}

Git Noise
=========

Having committed this, do more modern versions of visual studio help you not check in build artifacts? There is all sorts of unnecessary shit in this repo...

